[terra-arrange][terra-section-header] update to utilize semantic html elements (#3831)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-section-header/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Changed

>   * Updated div element with span tag element.
>   * Updated div element with button tag element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated SectionHeader to use `span` & `button` elements instead of `div`.
```

Author: Updated.

* Added

>   * Added a function "ArrangeComponent" to use Arrange component.

Author: Removed these 2 lines.
